Adding section for creating a new azd env. (#2)
Azure-Samples/azure-openai-keyless-python: README.md

    ```

    This will use the OpenAI API SDK to make a request to the OpenAI API and print the response.

> ## Creating a new azd enviroment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a new Azure OpenAI deployment
```

Yours is technically correct, but I'm going to reword it based on what I think the developer will be looking for.

> 1. If you'd like to create a new Python project, you can create a new azd environment for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you'd like to deploy a new Azure OpenAI deployment, the easiest way is to create a new `azd` environment for it.
```

Create a new environment and set it as the default by running:

    ```shell
    azd env new <environment>
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a step like "Then run the commands above in #provisioning to provision the new Azure OpenAI resource and update your `.env` file." ?
